And I was like “Did you just call me a faggot?” And he's like, “So, you are then?” I was like, “What does it matter?” because in my mind maybe I was bi but it wasn't like a fully developed thought. I wasn't out to myself yet and I wasn't out to anyone else yet.
As for me . . . I do the self-negative part. I do have very low self-esteem type thing, so whenever someone says something [homophobic], it really cripples me. Like him, I'm mentally disabled that way, so I'm just going to avoid [inaudible]. But yeah, so I take it the negative way, but it's what I've grown up with so . . . I mean I've been yelled at “fag” here [at school] like twice . . .
Bad thing is like you're in the closet and you don't really like want to tell your family. You have no idea if they are going to support you or if they're going to kick you out of their life or whatever.
[My] friend ‘freaked out’ when I told him I was bisexual and he came to our group to hang out—at first he was scared and didn't want anyone to touch him and then he calmed down.
The other big thing that I've heard a lot of people complain about and that I've dealt with personally a lot like the less direct homophobia, like “oh that's so gay, that person's such a faggot,” when it's like not even that they're talking about someone who is actually homosexual, they're just like, “oh, he's such a fag.”
There was one girl in particular who would constantly say “Well, because you're gay or lesbian or whatever, you're going to hell.” And then she'd constantly come up to us and ask, “Are you gay? Are you lesbian?” knowing we were those things and then she's like, “You need to find Jesus. I think you need to find the holy way.” On the last week of school, she even took me out of two class periods to sit down in [name deleted]'s office and try to get me to convert.
A pretty bad thing that happened to me was I was on the bus and I was spit on because I was commenting on someone's purse and I was wearing purple nail polish. I got spit on six times before I got off the bus.
My ex-girlfriend's little brother, he's gay and he lived in [city name], and now he's laying in a coma that he's been in for the past six months because some kids started beating the shit out of him because they knew he was gay.
I think that you know eighteen through whatever, . . . I mean they're adults, but . . . Maybe like they're not twenty-one, so they can't meet people in places that you have to be twenty-one. When they hear about adult things it's people who are like forty and up, so like there's a point that it's kind of like you're an adult, but you're such a young adult that you're not--there's nothing there for you.